fullscreen false
window_x 4294967295
window_y 4294967295
window_w 640
window_h 480
vsync false
60fps true
internal_bool true
internal_swap 1
internal_w 640
internal_h 480
force4by3 false
texture_filtering 1
drawing_distance 100
master_volume 127
music_volume 127
sfx_volume 127
env_volume 127
key_a 1001 ffff ffff 
key_b 1003 ffff ffff 
key_start 1006 1006 ffff 
key_l ffff ffff ffff 
key_r 100a ffff ffff 
key_z 1009 ffff ffff 
key_cup 1004 ffff ffff 
key_cdown 1000 ffff ffff 
key_cleft 101a ffff ffff 
key_cright 101b ffff ffff 
key_dup 100b 100b ffff 
key_ddown 100c 100c ffff 
key_dleft 100d 100d ffff 
key_dright 100e 100e ffff 
key_stickup ffff 100b ffff 
key_stickdown ffff 100c ffff 
key_stickleft ffff 100d ffff 
key_stickright ffff 100e ffff 
stick_deadzone 16
rumble_strength 50
precache true
language 0
disable_billboard false
bettercam_enable false
bettercam_analog true
bettercam_mouse_look false
bettercam_invertx true
bettercam_inverty false
bettercam_xsens 50
bettercam_ysens 50
bettercam_aggression 0
bettercam_pan_level 0
bettercam_degrade 10
skip_intro false
cheats_enable false
cheats_moon_jump false
cheats_god_mode false
cheats_infinite_lives false
cheats_responsive false
cheats_moon_gravity false
cheats_super_copter false
cheats_auto_wall_kick false
cheats_no_hold_heavy false
cheats_speed_modifier 0
cheats_jump_modifier 0
cheats_swim_modifier 0
cheats_size_modifier 0
cheats_cap_modifier false
cheats_super_wing_cap false
cheats_speed_display false
cheats_blj_anywhere 0
cheats_swim_anywhere false
cheats_exit_anywhere false
cheats_walk_on_hazards false
cheats_no_death_barrier false
cheats_no_bounds false
cheats_water_level 0
cheats_coins_magnet false
cheats_hurt_mario 0
cheats_spamba false
cheats_spamba_index 0
cheats_key_time_stop ffff ffff ffff 
cheats_key_spamba_controls 100d 100e 1009 
